It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get to
your top stories today. Asian stocks
extending gains fueled by a [music]
rally in chip stocks. On Wall Street,
you have optimism over the deal between
Iran and the United States.
>> Oh, we're expecting a big data dump here
today. Economists expecting China to
post [music] a drop in retail sales and
a deeper contraction in fixed asset
investment. We'll bring you that data at
the top of the next hour.
>> Also ahead, [music] the Bank of Japan is
set to raise its benchmark interest rate
to the highest in more than three
decades today to tackle inflation
[music] and the weakness in the
currency.
>> And Xiaohongshu set to be preparing to
go public in Hong Kong, joining the wave
of Chinese tech firms raising billions
in the city.
>> [music]
>> Okay. Yeah, the tech rally is still
here. We're running out of ways to say
tech is
intact leading these gains. The AI story
is very much a structural theme.
I guarantee you you'll hear a lot of
that of course over the course of the
next 2 hours or so, but it is really the
theme as far as markets go. You look at
like Korea, Taiwan is coming online. 5
and 1/2% rally overnight on the Philly
index. And yes, it's it's it's it's
there
to to be talked about.
>> when you have SpaceX in the second day
of trading, they're surging some double
digits once again, right? You add that
on the back of this big sort of Nvidia
news about how much they're raising in
the bond market as well. So, that
continues to funnel into the whole AI
trade and the tech trade here in Asia
today as you see when it comes to the
Kospi and Taipei. I still seeing some
gains here. Not like the 5% 6% that we
usually see, but at least we are
extending that here on a day of a plenty
of macro risk out there, too. There
>> Yeah, yeah, there's there's a ton coming
coming up over the next, let's call it 3
and 1/2 hours. We get started in 30
minutes.
We'll see, of course, home prices coming
out out of mainland China. So, 30
minutes after that, it's a data dump for
May.
Sometime within the next
2 hours or so, we are expecting the Bank
of Japan to raise interest rates. Most
economists do expect them to raise
interest rates even further, 1% for the
very first time going back to 1995. And
of course, we go into then the RBA,
which is also out with a decision today.
>> Yeah, 1995 for millennials like us, it's
like it feels like it's 5 years ago, but
it's not. It's actually They do the
math.
>> Well, I still listen to music that's
still top of my playlist.
>> Exactly, 31 years ago, right? That
they've actually has crazy
>> [clears throat]
>> that rate. So, certainly,
it's not going to just be about the the
the the holder hike, you know? It's
really about the messaging, right? This
is a meeting that Ueda is not going to
be there. He has been hospitalized.
And so, you know, Deputy Governor
Uchida, that's the one to watch out for.
He is largely in line with the likes of
Ueda in terms of policy stance, but
interesting how he delivers the message,
the tone, and really how deep and how
hawkish he can really be in this sort of
potential rate hike cycle now for the
BOJ.
>> Yeah, that we'll see. And you know what
the difference is between they've been
saying it's it's they need to keep
normalizing policy. At what point does
that become tightening policy?
>> And will actually lift the yen.
>> Yes, which is still stuck at about 160
against the US dollar. Right, the other
thing we're focusing on and we'll hear
more from our guest exclusively in about
30 minutes is Jardine's, of course, is
coming out with its annual
investment annual report and annual
target specifically here.
Shares are up 2% in Singapore. Among the
many things that they've laid out,
number one is they've now put out a
target of at least 9% in terms of total
return. That's an annual figure. That's
over the next 5 years. Uh we're also
going to get more meat in the bone as
far as how they plan to get there,
whether that's increased profits,
minority stakes, uh a dividend that
seems to be increasing and as far I
think it's 5% is what they've laid out
here. Plus a buyback of half a billion
over the next into the end of next year.
So we'll we'll speak with the CEO later
on uh to help us understand how they
plan to get there.
>> Yeah, Lincoln Pan 6 months into the job
and certainly we have continued to see
the restructuring of this of this
company from a a traditional
conglomerate to now an investment firm.
So we're going to ask Lincoln of course
uh where we are in that whole discussion
here right now of clear targets. They
say sharper focus and enhanced returns.
That's what has been the headline of
from that investor day uh in Singapore
today. In terms of the greater China
agenda and what's on tap, we talked
about that activity data. Expected to
see a pretty soft set here today when it
comes to China. Home prices are going to
be first and front uh there in just
about the bottom of this hour. Uh there
is going to be a dim sum bond sale as
well. Uh renminbi strength given the
dollar moves that we've seen to the
downside here on the back of course uh
the geopolitical temperature going down.
We have heard from President Trump at
the G7 uh talking about how the Strait
of Hormuz, they're still scheduled they
say uh to reopen on Friday and that him
and and JD Vance had signed this
electronic copy of this MOU uh yesterday
overnight. Dru was one to watch given
just the massive surge we saw, right?
Not just when it came to the JP Morgan
upgrade, but they also launched a new
model or at least some sort of a tweak
over the new model. So certainly that
lifted continue to lift the stock here
as well and onshore IT tech continues to
be a focus here today.
>> Really big move in that specific sector
yesterday. I think we were up 5, 6%. So
certainly that is a group of stocks
we'll be tracking on the onshore open
today. Right, uh let's get into the top
stories today. Uh so we have of course a
data dump coming out of mainland China
and of course the BOJ decision. Joining
us now is our team, Taro Kimura, our
senior Japan economist is in Tokyo for
us and here on set is Min Min Loh, our
China correspondent. Taro, let let me
start with you uh and the Bank of Japan
so they're set to raise interest rates,
what else are we tracking?
>> Um of course, the hike to 1% highest
since 1995 and and it's report-
reportedly the BOJ is going to stop
tapering. Um the big picture of the
balance sheet roll-off will won't change
in my calculation, but the BOJ will send
the rates market some, you know, calm
down like you know,
and I admit the long-term yields has
been jittery. So, I think the BOJ will
show that it it it's eye on the jittery
bond markets. And of course, as you
mentioned before, the deputy governor's
Uchida's play style, we don't have a lot
of visibility. I'm expecting rather a
dovish remarks from him, but the markets
should focus should be ready to watch
the the remarks from him.
>> Tora, walk us through what the tone, the
messaging would would likely come from
the deputy governor. Do you think it
could differ much from what Ueda has has
previously said?
>> I I I I I think he will
do his best to keep
in line with Governor Ueda. And I think
he can because I think he's also
an advisor for Governor Ueda in a
practical terms. You know, he was
working for BOJ for decades. So, he he
has to be a brain for Governor Ueda. So,
I think he's will be comfortable to
speak in line with what the Ueda is
signaling. And also, remember he was the
guy when 2 years ago there was a
significant market market crash in the
summer
when the BOJ rate hike then was
attributed partly.
The Uchida was the guy in his speech. He
steps in and say, you know, we won't
hike when the markets is jittery. So, he
delivered a very significant dovish
comment. So, the situation is similar.
The yen carry trades are ramping up and
he truly understands
unnecessary hawkish signal going to make
a
going to lead to a market joke. So,
that's why I think he will be tilt to
dovish and also he will speak very
cautiously.
>> Taro, that's a good point and I want to
ask you then, do you think the focus of
the BOJ will be more targeted to markets
than actual a reference to the economy?
>> Um, I think it's half and half. Of
course, like you know, inflation
pressure is looming. Although like oil
prices are declining, but you know,
um, the oil prices has been elevated
long enough for a Japan's CPI to
elevate. In my calculation, probably
more than 3%. So, therefore, the BOJ
needs to show its guard against
inflation. At the same time, you know,
they need to manage in reality they need
to manage the balance from a
pro-stimulus government interference and
and and they they cannot uh sound very
hawkish. So,
I I I don't think the BOJ will, you
know, signal any timing of the next rate
hike and rather probably
explain some developments in cooler oil
prices and they need to see a
wait-and-see mode before
they proceed the next rate hike. So, so
I I think the the Uchida will steer the
balance between hawkishness and
dovishness.
>> Taro, thank you Taro Kanamoto there, our
senior Japan economist from Bloomberg
Economics joining us from Tokyo. I'll
get to Mim Man now really cuz economists
are expecting China's consumer spending
to contract in May for the first time
since the pandemic. So, certainly we're
expecting some softer figures here. Mim
Man, tell us a little more about what
else is in store.
>> Yeah, overall the figures just don't
look very good. I think industrial
production is the only metric that is
expected to accelerate from the previous
month and this is largely because of the
boost that we got from those export
demand for the AI related sector, right?
Whether whether you're talking about
exports of chips or computers, or
chip-related components, that is
boosting the industrial production
print. But you look at retail sales, a
contraction of 0.2% the first time since
COVID reopening in 2022.
And some economists are saying that it
is payback after all that purchases of
home appliances and cars have been
pulled forward because of the government
subsidies last year. And fixed asset
investment as well expected to decline
for a second straight month after a
surprise slump in the month of April as
well. And this is partly because of bad
weather. We have a heatwave, you have
heavy rainfall that put a pause on these
building of factories and
infrastructure. But at the same time,
bond issuance had also slowed down. But
this is where we could see
fixed asset investment easily pick up in
the second half of the year because it's
something the government can control.
And we know the government has earmarked
about $1 trillion
for this build-up of infrastructure,
what they're calling the six networks,
including what we reported on earlier
about those data centers across the
countries as well.
>> And implications where which part of the
economy might get more support and
stimulus moving forward then?
>> Yeah, so we talked about the six
networks. So it's infrastructure, the
the data centers, the power grid, the
water networks, for example.
And of course, there has been increasing
calls that maybe the government needs to
do more to really unleash the domestic
demand, right? So there is still room
for the PBOC to ease at a time when
central banks around the world are
hiking rates. But because we have uh
important inflation coming back, uh
economists are saying that, you know,
the PBOC doesn't have to be so urgent
about it. Maybe perhaps closer to the
end of the year, or possibly even next
year. But remember, tomorrow is the
Lujiazui Forum in Shanghai where the
PBOC governor will be speaking. So
perhaps that's when we can hear a bit of
a hint about what the rate cut
trajectory would be like.
>> Okay, Min Min, thank you so much. Min
Min Lo, our China correspondent there.
We'll be getting more context really on
the two top stories we just discussed
here, the data dump coming through top
of the next hour. And also by the way,
that briefing coming through out of
Beijing, UBS Securities joint says when
the numbers break, and of course,
alongside when the BOJ is expected to
announce its latest policy decision.
ING, of course, will be joining us also
at some point in the next hour of the
China show.
>> Yeah, but in the last couple of minutes,
we are tracking this interview that the
US Vice President J.D. Vance is making
and giving to the likes of Fox here this
morning. So, this evening in the US. So,
the Vice President is saying that he
would invite others to invest in Iran if
it complies, and the toll-free Strait of
Hormuz is explicit in the agreement, and
they will release the text of that
agreement on Friday. And also, when it
came to the question about enriched
uranium, he said, "We will destroy
enriched uranium with Iranians. We will
destroy it." But, I don't know if what
grammatically if they
>> What does it mean?
>> I think maybe it might be a grammatical
error here there, but we will destroy, I
guess, enriched uranium with the
Iranians. So, that is the latest when it
comes to the situation in Iran there.
So, pretty much nothing new, but really
talking a little bit more about that
agreement.
We're still kind of getting the details
of both sides of what was really going
to be in that MOU. So, certainly, I'm
still waiting for a bit more detailed
text on that front. Of course, in the
meantime, we're counting down the open
of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
[music] Kong. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. 15 minutes to the
opening bell here. We're looking at A50
futures up about a tenth of 1%.
I think Korea continues to remain the
proxy for this massive appetite that
goes back into tech and AI once that
window of opportunity opens up, and as
you can see that performing yet again
today. Uh Just keep in mind the Philly
index overnight was up 5 6% so that's
really the tailwind coming through in
the Asia Pacific. Joining us here on set
is Tai Hui, APAC Chief Market Strategist
at JP Morgan Asset Management.
We're just getting some lines coming
through here Tai Hui on this
negotiations going into Friday.
>> Yep.
>> Assuming things do reopen on this rate
of warmness on Friday, what does it mean
for markets?
>> Well, I think obviously the natural
reaction you saw yesterday already is a
risk-on sentiment because ultimately
we've just managed to avoid the
worst-case scenario when it comes to the
macroeconomy on oil, gas, and petroleum
or petrochemical disruptions. So,
I think from that perspective it will
still take a number of weeks if not
months for normality to be fully
restored in terms of flows, in terms of
inventory going back to more comfortable
level. Oil price will probably stay at
above 80 bucks for quite a long time.
But nonetheless, I think the the
shortages that's been hitting a lot of
economies, especially in Asia, that is
likely to be averted. And that's why
you've seen a strong positive reaction,
for example, in Indonesia. You saw the
rupee rebound quite a bit yesterday.
So, I think the the good news is
from an investment perspective it's no
longer just about AI and tech. There
could be a cyclical factor now coming
back into play to help investors to
generate returns.
>> Yeah, well, now that you see the risk
receding a bit, how do you bring back
those pre-war playbooks? Do you go back
to what worked in January and February
or or you know, as you mentioned, there
there's some really unloved markets out
there. Is that where the value is now?
>> Well, I think for some of these markets,
for example, in Southeast Asia, we have
to be still very selective because it's
not just oil prices, domestic policies
also play a role as well.
But at the same time, you know, we've
seen a lot of enthusiasm on tech, on
semiconductors. Look, the truth is for
markets like Taiwan and South Korea, the
shortages in memory chips and CPUs,
they're not going away anytime soon.
>> Mhm. But,
could we still see a sustained earnings
growth that we've seen in the last
couple of quarters? That is a bit more
questionable. So, I think that's this
provide maybe similar people in a way
that you could be looking at banks,
looking at industrials. And the other
question is after this war, hopefully
again, we we keep this at bay for for a
sustained period, what does that mean
for global energy supply? Are companies
or or governments going to diversify
their energy sources both geographically
and by type? What does that mean for
defense?
We've seen in this war
high volume, low unit cost weapons like
drones really play a huge role. Does
that change how governments are going to
spend their defense money? It's not just
about spending more, it's about spending
in the right places that will be
effective in both defense and also
deterrence to potential attacks.
>> The last 18 months have been dominated
by either tariffs or the war.
Assuming the war is over, assuming
that's a big if, what's the is there
anything on the horizon that looms large
over the macro macro picture or does
that seem
clearest in the last two years?
>> I think two things. One is obviously you
still have the lingering inflationary
impact. The good news is we have not yet
really seen a
a pickup in inflation expectations. So,
this week the Fed, I think they will
rightfully stay put. The question is do
they expect inflation to stay or do they
see this as only a blip or just a
one-off event? I think that's absolutely
critical to observe this week. The
second thing is obviously there could
still be quite a lot of political
changes.
We have a
a local election in the UK this coming
week which could see you know more
challenges for the Prime Minister.
And of course we've got the midterm
elections coming up later in November in
the US. And then again, could change the
calculus of the Trump administration,
how they apply policies. If they don't
have the full support of the Congress
anymore, how will they execute their
agenda? For example, do they rely still
more on executive decisions or executive
orders? Uh we've seen tariffs now coming
back into play with the Section 301 and
Section 232 investigations. So, I think,
you know, the politics, I think, will
come back into play, but maybe more
domestic rather than foreign policies.
>> We were talking about all this this
these IPOs that are happening in the US
when it comes to uh frontier tech or AI.
Um and then there's a lot of them in the
bond markets as well. I mean,
some would say this is a signal of a of
a peak
in in this whole sort of trade. I mean,
do you see it that way?
>> Well, there's no doubt that in terms of
momentum, in terms of tech uh
enthusiasm, there's a very high level of
which and some of this has been
reflected in valuations. But, at the
same time, um are we in a sort of
irrational state in general? Probably
not. If you look, for example, Mag 7
year-to-date, three Mag 7 stocks is down
year-to-date, four is up, and the
best-performing one is only about 15%.
So, I think what you've seen is a
rotation of um
tech stocks from AI model generators or
or or AI model companies to this year
more semiconductors. So,
I think investors are rotating. Um it
does not necessarily mean there's a
peak, but I do have a question of
whether we can still see that strong
level of return generation in the second
half of the year. And that's why, you
know, when in the midyear outlook, we
sort of advocate, let's broaden our
investment horizon a little bit more,
both geographically and also by sectors,
not just relying on technology. I think
that is still an attractive place, but
some of the more cyclically sensitive
sectors like financials and industrials,
maybe even consumer discretionaries
could come back into fashion.
>> Um how do you feel about Korea and
Taiwan now?
>> Um I think the
fundamentals are still pretty robust. If
you look at, for example, um KOSPI uh
price-to-earning ratio is still
single-digit at this point. So, the fact
that we've seen massive performance in
in markets has been matched by massive
performance in earnings growth. Now, I
don't think anyone realistically expect
expecting 50 100% earnings growth in
2027, but
the um the the the shortage in
manufacturing, the pricing power of a
particular of companies, those are still
likely to be sustained. So, you may not
get 100% earnings growth, but it's not
going to collapse right away, either, as
long as companies are still investing in
AI. So, um I think you know again, I'm
not expecting the same degree of
performance in the second half, but I
think the fundamentals supporting what
we've seen so far is still is still
reasonably robust.
>> For China, though, you you saying that
sector-level catalysts are are emerging.
What are those catalysts now?
>> And what does it mean? So, look, I think
the the challenge here is the um
the the index performance has been quite
disappointing, especially relative to
the rest of the region. But, if you
think back to the index, it does not
have a lot of the sexy stuff that's been
driving the US and the rest of Northeast
Asia. Semiconductors, um AI
hyperscalers. Um so, from that
perspective, you know, those companies
in China have actually done quite well,
both onshore in China and also in Hong
Kong.
But, because they are only a very small
part of the index, it's not big enough
to drive the index performance relative
to Taiwan or South Korea. So, I think
that's where we need to focus more on,
and that is that clearly China has a
policy to become more independent on
semiconductors, on models, on inference.
Um and you will see more public
resources and uh
business demand going into these areas.
So, you know, rather than just thinking
about where uh the CSI 300 is going to
be or
Hang Seng Tech Index is going to be, you
really have to focus on specific
sectors, such as AI, as well as
semiconductors.
>> Tai, thank you. Tai Hui there, APAC
Chief Market Strategist at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Coming up in just a
few moments, we'll be speaking
exclusively with the CEO of Jardine
Matheson ahead of their Investor Day
[music] after their transformation of
course from conglomerate to an
investment firm. [music] Lincoln Pan
joins us in just a few moments.
Premarket is looking like this here
right now. Of course, a lot to take a
look at when it comes to not just the
tech space, but yeah, Hang Seng though
pretty soft right now or pretty flat
right now. So are futures here this
morning. This is [music]
Bloomberg.
>> Okay, welcome back. Just going into the
session today. So I think it's it's
worth pointing out. Yeah, we have a
couple of macro events today. I think in
5 minutes
new home prices are out in 30 minutes
thereabouts. The data dump, BOJ, RBA.
That's just the Asia Pacific. It's worth
pointing out there that markets seem to
be
very range bound with exception of a few
of course bright spots like tech. So
we've almost fully priced the news on
Iran and the US. And I think really what
could come next will obviously be the
next catalyst here.
And I think the question for markets is
oil at 80 bucks best case
what does that mean for risk assets
moving forward?
>> Yeah, you certainly that's going to be
the big thing to watch here, right? And
and people at least try I'll just tell
us that is the biggest indicator of how
they deploy risk moving forward here. So
certainly that's one thing to watch. And
of course as we count down to not just
the activity data with the BOJ that
could happen in the next few hours or
so. And certainly when it comes to
analyst actions are watching the likes
of Nongfu Spring rate a [music] new
outperform at Bernstein here this
morning. And still watching Jupu shares
after that 30% gain there as JP Morgan
picked it as the
>> [music]
>> AI winner. We got the open coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China show just under about
a minute [music] to the cash market
open. As you can see the approach at
least the greater Chinese market is
one where we're seeing some
consolidation.
Also fairly bad weather if you're here
in Hong [music] Kong. It's been just
raining
all over the place. We are set to also
get
a lot of data coming through today so in
the form of home prices in a couple of
seconds and we'll break that and of
course once we have that of course we
then move [music] into the activity
numbers and of course there's a live
briefing in Beijing in about 30 minutes.
>> bring you the latest when it comes to of
course the Chinese capital there on what
they're saying what's the messaging
around [music] the macro outlook.
Continue to see a lot of softness
particularly when it comes to the
consumption side so those [music] retail
sales will actually look pretty bad
there the worst print that we've
expected [music] to see since COVID. So
that's one thing to watch here but in
terms of the you know the macro side I
know markets are still really kind of
talking a little bit more about the tech
trade here today just given all the kind
of good news that we saw overnight when
it comes to the Sox index here. Nvidia
is raising money in the bond market once
again and so there you go.
When it comes to China not participating
in a bit in this rally here today. We're
flat when it comes to Shanghai CSI 300
is just around that 4900 level here and
you're seeing some pressure in some of
the the tech names like Everbright Tech
for example which is lower by about a
fifth of 1%. Shanghai crude continues to
be lower here this morning though so we
have kind of saw the biggest drop in two
weeks when it comes to crude prices.
Looks like we are continuing on with
that trajectory here today and CATL
though that at least that one is seeing
a bright spot. We're up 2% on the
onshore market here this morning. Taylor
a look at Kong is faring cuz Shenzhen
looks pretty good though. There you go.
ChiNext is up 9/10 of 1%. So, once
again, you're still focusing on those AI
sort of pure plays, AI supply chain,
where that really concentrated in in
Shenzhen, of course. Uh, Hang Seng is
not doing too well. HS Tech is lower by
about 1/5 of 1%. Most of the China big
tech is lower here. Baidu's down.
Meituan's also down more than 1%.
Tencent might be the exception here
today. We'll see. But, we're still
seeing some strength in the currency
here, 675 uh, 96 right now. But, it's a
pretty slow day. There's not a whole lot
of conviction, though. Uh, and we're
focusing very much on one stock, Jereh
Pooh, right? When we talk about what's
been going on, uh, that stock, thanks to
JP Morgan upgrading it, we saw basically
a 30% gain yesterday. Looks like we're
extending that rally here. You know, as
they said, this is probably the AI
winner in China here. And, you know,
when it came to Jereh Pooh and Minimax,
they choose the former. So, that that's
why you're seeing that 3% punch once
again here today. Uh, chip stocks talked
about that. We saw Capricorn Tech
slightly under pressure. We'll see how
the rest of the industry leaders are
doing here today. Uh, there has been
news of Inframe. I think that's how we
say that company. This is one of the
fourth of the AI dragons that is
expected to actually list in the Star
Board there. So, apart from that, plus
the Xiaohongshu news, looks set to IPO
in Hong Kong as well. There is still
some incremental good news in the tech
front there.
>> Yeah, that's going to be something that
we'll get into, of course, the
Xiaohongshu. And, almost ironically, as
we frame it,
that's probably not going to be a little
red book when you look at the size of
that [laughter] book. It's going to be a
big green one. When when when when when
that comes to market, so
>> [laughter]
>> You want to talk about the translation?
>> The opposite of that. Okay, let's get
back
to some data that's just crossing right
now. 0.2%, that's the drop
in main new home prices. That's overall.
That's a month-on-month read, of course.
And, just in terms of context, that's a
slight, ever so slight,
acceleration from the drop that we had
back in April. It this brings to mind
the conversation we had I think about
last week with with PAG. Of course, and
and the co-founder there Chris Gradwell
who joined us in Bloomberg Invest and
he's watching this very closely as a
proxy to risk appetite and consumption.
And he says the course of direction of
travel is clear, but it's slow going as
far as this is concerned. Home prices
are out and of course data dump activity
numbers are set to come out in about 27
minutes from now. Okay.
Let's pivot now and take you straight
back to this big announcement, the first
ever investment day out of Jardine
Matheson here and some of the key
takeaways that they've laid out about 30
minutes black stock price on your
screens.
So, a couple of things, the growth in
dividends by at least 5%. I think the
last print was at about 4%. 500 million
share buyback into the end of 2025 2027
rather.
Why am I going back in time here? And at
least overall shareholder return at
least 9%. That's an annualized figure on
your screens. Joining us now exclusively
to talk us through these numbers, the
plans and everything in between, Lincoln
Pan, CEO at Jardine Matheson Holdings.
Lincoln, good morning.
Thank you for joining us. First ever
investment day. Let's focus on the whys.
Why why hold it now at this point in
time?
>> So, thank you Yvonne and David for
having me on again. Part of our goal
today is to communicate our direction
and strategy as a business. I think as
we talked about previously, Jardine is
going through an evolution. We've never
given targets. We've never given forward
targets of where we'd like to go with
TSR, recycling, or with capital
deployment. And part of our goal today
is to set out those goal posts so
investors and partners of ours have a
better sense for where the company's
going to go.
>> So, I mean obviously it's been a quite a
transformation Lincoln in the last 6
months since you took the reins. I think
Bloomberg data has crunched it, proposed
or completed at least 10 and 1/2 billion
in asset sales and M&A.
Where are you in in that pipeline here
in terms of shedding more non-core
assets?
>> Yeah, so last year we recycled just
under $5 billion in assets and that
partly set us up to use capital both to
drive a buyback program, grow our
dividend, but importantly put new
capital to work in the recent
transaction we acquired uh for a company
called I-MED Radiology, which is the
largest radiology clinic in Australia
and New Zealand. So, uh again, this is
not just about divesting assets, it is
about putting new capital to work and
building new pillars of the growth for
Jardine's for the future.
>> Yeah, and I understand the CEO and CFO
of I-MED is joining your your investor
day today. Can I ask you about the
buyback uh because you are of course
coming off an existing buyback uh if
correct me if I'm wrong 250 million.
When does the half a billion actually
begin if I could just ask the timing
question?
>> It begins uh we are almost done through
the previous buyback program and it'll
begin right away.
Uh again, this is our continued view as
we see value
uh in the Jardine Matheson stock. We are
trading at a material discount to the
overall value of the business and our
goal here is continue to push many of
the things we've been doing the last
couple years, which is continue to
simplify the group, uh recycle capital,
grow our private holding portfolio, and
increase our target rate of return for
the entire group. So, again, this is all
part of the direction of the business
now for the last couple years.
>> Uh which is 9 plus percent as you laid
out just now. Just another question on
the buyback though. So, this goes into
end of next next year, Lincoln.
Uh do you see the buyback as central to
your plans to return money to
shareholders? In other words,
you know, not to commit you well beyond
2027, but is that something that you
think will be you'll have flexibility
over uh in as far as being able to
return money to shareholders?
>> Yeah, I I think these are commitments
which we wouldn't make unless we were
pretty much 100% confident to deliver in
absent any macro shakeups in the market.
But but again, our view is Jardine's is
a steady compounder. Right? Our goal
here is to deliver multi-generational
steady compounding returns in our
portfolio. And we're trying to do
several things. Growing our dividends
because ultimately is something our
shareholders are looking for. The
buyback is another way to return capital
to shareholders.
But at the same time, we are not
investing 100% of the recycling we do
and the growth that we're delivering in
our portfolio to shareholder actions.
There is also an objective and one of
the objectives we will announce today is
we're trying to build at least 200
million US US dollars of incremental
additional profit through M&A in our
portfolio. So that's going to be another
target where we're trying to work
toward. We do believe the group needs
new verticals of growth and for example,
this radiology business we acquired, we
think will be a substantial contributor
to the growth of Jardine's in the
future.
>> Yeah, I I MedWest certainly the signal,
right? That you are really pivoting the
business to more
high-growth industries.
What what's more in terms of your
appetite for M&A here right now? I mean,
what sort of industries are you
interested in targeting in terms of
frontier tech and the like now, Lincoln?
>> So very much as you think about our role
here at the holding company is we're a
balancer and manager of risk. We like
many of our businesses in and of
themselves, but there are parts of our
portfolio we are overweight and it's no
secret if you look at our respective
earnings. That doesn't mean we don't
like those businesses as they are, but
what we're trying to do with capital we
are recycling is to balance and settle
off that risk. You know, we are right
now a very large portion of our profit
is coming from Indonesia and we are a
long-term long-term supporter and
builder of businesses in Indonesia. But
part of our effort right now is to
balance off that risk with some OECD
exposure. So some developed market
exposure like we're doing when we're
acquiring investing in and acquiring the
largest radiology clinic in the
Australia market with good compounding
mid double digit growth earnings. So,
this is again part of my job in this
group is not just to buy absolute return
growth, but to balance the risk we have
in our portfolio. So, 5 10 15 years from
now, all these businesses work well
together. So, in essence a lot of what I
do here is try to get the orchestra to
play together.
>> Yes, yes. Which is
more difficult than it sounds,
especially coming from a a background
like yours P going into a conglomerate
which I think you all we can talk about
it in in a moment. But, Indonesia, I'm
sure you're following what's going on
there.
How are you and your team looking at the
macro picture in Indonesia? And can I
ask you a direct question? Have you and
your team actually considered reducing
your exposure to Indonesia?
>> It is not something we're considering.
We really do think Astra is one of the
best operating businesses in Indonesia.
So, how do we grow Astra? How do we
focus Astra? How do we do our own
recycling efforts in Astra to make sure
the capital is put against growing
industries in line with this
government's initiatives. That is what
we're trying to do with the business.
So, we are not a short-term investor
who's trying to go in and out of a
market. We've been in Astra and been a
successful partnership since 1997. We're
looking to continue that partnership.
So, uh we know the macro right now and
the capital markets have a negative view
on Indonesia. Jardine's does not. But,
we're fortunately looking at ways to
capitalize on ways to put capital to
work and grow in this current
environment.
>> Some will flag that maybe, you know, in
order to really improve your capital
allocation is that you need kind of full
consolidation that you need to fully
acquire
Astra. Is that something that you're
actively considering now?
>> Uh
acquiring 100% of Astra would be
challenging, right? It's a it is a very
large business. We are the largest
shareholder.
Um and at the moment we're looking at
capital allocation within Astra rather
than consolidating and privatizing
Astra. That is not strategically our
focus.
>> Well, talk to us about that. So, within
Astra, what what would you like to see
in terms of where where your capital
specifically goes there?
>> So, if you look at our Astra basically
has three major verticals. It's
automotive, it has financing, and it has
mining. Those are three primary
verticals. Astra is an outstanding
operator in all three of those segments.
For example, in automotive, Astra is in
four-wheeler, it's in two-wheeler, it's
in auto parts, it's in aftermarket, it's
in used cars.
Many people will focus on new car sales
for us, but we're heavily focused on
growing out and strengthening our
two-wheeler business. We'll continue to
strengthen out our auto parts business.
Pak Rudy and his team have ambitious
ambitious growth both M&A ambitions as
organic growth ambitions to strengthen
auto parts business as well as our used
car distribution part of our business.
So, even within Astra, there's so many
different ways we can support and grow
our businesses.
This is what our our support for them as
a long-term investor is to be patient,
support them with capital, support them
with decision-making to build Astra for
the long term.
>> Uh Lincoln, I want to pivot and talk a
bit more your portfolio in Hong Kong. Um
a lot of us here are quite interested.
There's been a lot of market chatter,
I'm sure you know, about reports that
Jardine is is looking to acquire CK
Hutchison's welcome. And certainly, you
know, it'd be interesting as I just say,
excuse me, parking lot business.
Um
it it's interesting and I don't I don't
know how much you can comment on this
here right now, but is this something
that is is actively happening now?
>> I I think that's something I think CK
Hutch has come out and said that is not
something that's happening. Ultimately,
where has this come from? They're
looking to list their Watsons business,
and there are stronger parts of that
business and weaker parts of that
business. And I think they have been
looking at options to exit other certain
parts of that business. We got caught up
in those rumors, but ultimately, that is
a discussion to be had with them. What
are they planning to do with their
businesses?
>> And Lincoln, I guess as you look at your
Hong Kong exposed portfolio then as a
broader as a broader question, what
changes do you think we should be
expecting?
>> Uh I think it's one thing we don't look
at Hong Kong in a monogamous manner,
right? There is multiple elements of the
economy here and for example, we are
extremely excited about participating in
the growth of the Northern Metropolis.
It's one of the reasons we'll talk about
at today's investor day, the capital and
support we're putting behind our
engineering and infrastructure business.
We have a great construction business,
Gammon, which will benefit from the
growth in the metropolis. Second, we
have a business called JEC, which
provides engineering services and
maintenance services. They need to
benefit from that growth and one of the
capital allocation focuses for me is how
do we put more capital behind this
engineering and infrastructure business
so we can be a better participant in the
infrastructure growth of Hong Kong.
>> Lincoln, it's interesting. I'm wondering
just want to get your intake on the last
6 months for you. Uh obviously, you're
going to be having this investor day.
What what's been sort of the the
conversations that you've had with with
shareholders right now? Are there
concerns about at all about the the you
know, the investment model and the like
now? I mean, the stock certainly has
reflected you know, that they're very
open to the changes you have gone.
But you know, some some some say it
still kind of trades the stock like a
conglomerate. Are there more ways beyond
just the buyback here to really kind of
narrow that discount now?
>> Yeah, I think for us with a conglomerate
of this size, a radical transformation,
quick transformation uh is not the
playbook. I often describe to our
shareholders and investors, this is a
slow climb. And the biggest question we
often get asked is how do you reduce the
conglomerate discount? And there are
many tools to this. One is eliminating
some of the inefficiencies in the group,
which we've done by privatizing
Mandarin, privatizing Emerging Jardine
Strategic. It is driving greater cash
flow generation out of the group, which
we're doing by increasing the dividend
and having a buyback program, but it's
also acquiring and building better
earnings and the visibility of that
takes more than 6 months. Buying a
business, seeing integrating it into
Jardine's, helping it grow, if we can
show the market the playbook that we are
a good acquirer of business and good
builder of business, which is ultimately
what we want to be, in 3-4 years time
the quality and value of our earnings
will be better and the market will value
it more. So, they can Oh, this is
ultimately not a 12-month transformation
we're going through. Jardine's has been
around 194 years. We're trying to take
the next 3-4 years to kind of
progressively improve the mix of
businesses we have to position us better
for year 200 to 210 and beyond.
>> Lincoln, you mentioned earlier you want
to see more of I would have I think just
to I guess clarify it's not so much
derisking the portfolio away from
overexposure to Southeast Asia, it's
simply increasing parts of the pie to
OECD specifically. Where else in OECD do
you want to see your capital
uh at play?
>> Yeah, I think we are I mean our first
deal was in Australia and it's a market
I've had the fortune to work in a lot
over my last decade of my investing
career. So, we'll continue to look at
the appropriate opportunities to put
capital work in Australia. We'll
continue to look at North Asia as well.
We're building out a team with some
capabilities to look at those markets
and we're looking for businesses that
have more greater pan-Asia exposure
rather than single country exposure. So,
um we're not looking to do 10 deals like
a fund manager would do over the course
of 4 to 5 years. We're looking to do two
or three deals. So, it gives us the
opportunity to be quite selective and uh
OECD is one lens we look at. Size of the
business is another lens we look at.
Quality of earnings, scalability of
those earnings. So, again, with a
basically a strike zone of looking at
two to three deals, we can be quite
selective of how we build our portfolio.
>> Lincoln, always great to have you on the
program. Please come back. Lincoln Pan
there, CEO at Jardine Matheson Holdings.
Of course, you can read more about
Jardine's move to become an active
investor. That's [music] right on the
terminal here right now. You're watching
The China Show.
Uh we talked about all the good news
when it comes to tech overnight, right?
And certainly when it came to SpaceX, uh
when it comes to the double-digit gains
that we saw for a second day, um
certainly does bode well that, you know,
things are still smooth sailing on that
front. And and really, you know,
everyone thought that, you know, all
this sort of
glitches and like what might actually
impact what where the where we are in
this whole AI trade. [clears throat] It
seems like at least for now, things are
okay.
>> Yeah, another 20% gain. And I think we
are If we do another similar move, uh
SpaceX would enter the world's top five
companies
>> Ooh.
>> uh by the end Well, this time tomorrow.
I mean, we're knocking on the door of
the
>> just three days.
>> In just three days, it parachuted in in
into the top 10 as one would slide into
some DMs.
Let's also get very, very quickly Nvidia
in case you missed that. Also raised
quite a bit of money, 25 B, uh seven
seven tranche, I believe seven here uh
in the bond market. Three all the way
down to 30-year. Uh pricing is out. I
won't get into the details, but quite
tight, obviously, given of course, how
much cash that company already has. But
yes, that's that's the other big deal to
tell you about uh in as far as the AI
trade is concerned in the US.
>> Yeah, and then and then we've got news
here from from Hong Kong, from China
here of of course, Red No, right?
Xiaohongshu. I'm sure you've heard of it
before. This is the creator of the
Chinese social media platform, said to
be preparing for an IPO in Hong Kong by
the end of June. Let's bring in Balazs
Penz, our Asia Equities Deputy Managing
Editor, who joins us now with more. Uh
it's a well-known name here, especially
in China. What's the rationale for the
IPO?
>> Well, we've been hearing that investors
in this company, it's a 13-year-old
company, have been pressuring them to
take this quite quite opportune time for
Chinese listings. Chinese tech companies
obviously have been doing really really
well with their IPOs. So, they think
this is a great time to do it. The last
time we heard Xiaomi Shu had a valuation
of $31 billion.
Their revenue looks like it's about $3
billion a year. So, if you apply
multiples, that even looks a little bit
lower than some of their competitors.
So, it is an interesting time for them,
but also they are not an AI company.
They are not a chip maker like the big
wave of Chinese tech
IPOs that we've seen. So, there are
questions about how long that valuation
might sustain or what multiples
investors might apply there, what might
be
reasonable for this company. And if we
talk about AI, there are also questions
about how the rise of AI will affect
their own business models. So, this is
This looks like a great window for them
to try and go public, and we'll see what
valuation they can get there.
>> And and whether or not part of that
retail tranche will go into some of
their big users, of course, Gen Gen Z,
and I think that's what Robert Lee is
pointing to as far as that
what we're looking at there.
The other one just ask Enflame.
>> Enflame is an interesting company. It's
the last one of the of the four little
dragons, these Chinese AI chip makers.
One of them, More Threads, you might
remember in December started this big
wave of Chinese tech IPOs that got huge
retail interest. We got thousand times
over thousands of times over subscribed
IPOs with big pops at the open. This is
the last one coming out. The interesting
thing about Enflame is their main
customer, the buys about 80% of their
products, is Tencent. Tencent also owns
20% of the company, so they're really
reliant on them. Last we heard from the
company, they said that they cannot keep
up with the demand for their chips from
Tencent. So, that's why they need to
raise money.
>> Good problem to have. Malas, thank you
so much. Malas Tench there,
our Asia equities deputy managing editor
here. We'll leave you with a look at
markets, how they're looking. We're flat
to slightly higher on the CSI 300
compared to others as well you see on
your screens.
>> A contrarian view here because I think
our structural view is that [music] if
we think about Chinese economic
rebalancing, we're actually thinking
that differently. We're not thinking
that policy makers are going to
meaningfully boost consumption or
consumer sector. Well, consumption
really is driven by mostly three things,
you know, job security, wage growth, and
also [music]
households' willingness to take on more
loans, and none of the three is
happening in China.
>> Yeah, there we go. Yeah, they they
joined us last week, and that's
interesting because that comment
is expected to play out and show up in
the numbers in as far as industrial
production is expected to increase, but
retail sales remain uh quite sluggish
here.
>> Yeah, I mean, you're talking about a
negative 0.2 print when it comes to, of
course, uh retail sales. So, certainly
that brings us back to uh levels we
haven't seen since the pandemic. So, uh
this consumption malaise uh still
continues here, and so we'll watch very
closely how that impacts, right? Does it
actually restrain this very
export-driven bounce uh when you see it
industrial output and investment that's
set to also extend that decline as well.
So, we'll continue to watch what goes on
>> [music]
>> in the next hour. We're going to
immediate reaction with UBS Securities
coming up next. Plus, of course, more on
the BOJ, too. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. We are
just moments away, of course, [music]
from that press briefing from the Bureau
of Statistics there in Beijing as we
count down to this data dump that's
expected any second now uh when it comes
to May. We're not expecting a strong set
of numbers, especially when it comes to
the consumption and retail side of
things. Uh but so the macro was
certainly going to be front and center
in this latest set. We did get those
home prices earlier. That did kind of
show the continuing trend that we're
seeing at least there, as well.
>> A slight um
re-acceleration in in the drop in home
prices compared to the previous month.
But again, I'm just being uh
did a bit more particular about that,
just given it is a 0.1%
>> Yeah.
>> uh increase. But it suffices to say the
home prices
the property market seems to be still uh
very much caught in a very sluggish
sluggish phase, which goes into
consumption. We are just getting the
numbers, in fact, crossing the Bloomberg
terminal right now as we wait for
context coming through out of the
briefing that is about to start in
Beijing. Let me get started with what I
think is the standout here.
Retail sales year-on-year,
a drop of 0.6%.
That is a drop that is
quicker than what economists had been
forecasting of -0.2. What we got was a
-0.6.
Uh and that's near the low end of the
projected range. Uh softer than
expectations, already soft expectations
as a bar.
>> Yes. Uh so that brings us to some of the
weakest prints that we've seen since the
pandemic. So, certainly uh that's not a
good sort of signal there. Industrial
production actually did beat the
immediate estimates though, or so.
That's still looking strong thanks to
what we've been seeing when it comes to
exports and the like. So, that's up 4.5%
when it comes to the year-to-date
numbers, it's 5.4%. So, both of those
data points were better than expected.
Fixed asset investment, that's where
you're continuing to see them extending
those declines if not actually a worse
than what we saw in the previous month.
-4.1%
decline when it comes to fixed asset
investments. The median estimate was for
a drag of 2.3%. So, this is actually
close to double what was expected there
in terms of the the the declines there
certainly there do. What else are you
watching on this?
>> Yeah, property investment year-to-date,
another negative print. This one coming
in in fact -16.2%. This is a
year-to-date number. It's year on year
compared to that same period going back
the first five months of the year. And
we were expecting a drop, but not a drop
of this magnitude. We were expecting a
14% drop. What we got was 16. 16.2%.
We're also looking at this the jobless
rate
actually coming in
at 5.1%. This one actually coming in
tighter and better than expectations of
5.2% which was the estimate which was
also
it was also the jobless rate for the
month of April. So, overall
slightly mixed, more negative in as far
as some of the consumer facing reads are
concerned. Particularly this retail
sales number seems to be the
first contraction going back to 2020
2022.
>> Now, joining us now from Beijing is Yu
Song, chief China economist at UBS
Securities.
Yu Song, it's great to have you on the
program. At first glance, maybe can you
tell us a bit more about your your
initial take on these numbers?
>> Hi. It's good to be here.
Yeah, it's it's mixed.
But one thing I would want to say is the
um
IP data was was okay. Um, wasn't
particularly strong, but not quite as
weak as it was in April. Um, one other
important data which is um
not um I think the market should pay
more attention to is service output
index. Um, and that number was okay as
well. Slightly higher than it was in
uh April.
Um, and these two IP and service output
these two indices have a
uh fairly close correlation with uh GDP
data. Um, so I think 2Q GDP data by the
way looks it's going to be weak, uh but
not quite as weak as um
one would expect from April data.
>> Right. Uh and can I ask you then why
place less weight on on retail sales at
this point in time?
>> Uh not necessarily
uh
less weight but to relatively relative
to service output index the
importance I think it's lower just
because the two tend to have much lower
level of correlation. Um, one reason is
uh
it's not a good necessarily a good proxy
for overall consumption. Uh which is
often assumed to be the case. Um,
don't want to dismiss a weakness but
like it's it's meaningful but it's uh
I think when we try to uh
gauge the likely outcome in terms of 2Q
GDP um the service output index is way
more important.
>> Right. So, how would you on aggregate
how would you describe consumption at
this point then?
>> Consumption is clearly not strong. And
like so from 1Q
um there definitely was a meaningful
slowdown. Um,
but I think the
biggest delta probably happened in the
fixed-asset asset investment space Uh
instead of
consumption.
So both were actually show both actually
show decent growth in one queue of the
year and both I think likely slowed down
going to the second quarter but in terms
of the contribution to the slowdown
fixed-asset investment growth is
made a big contribution and the key is
the fixed-asset investment said growth
in under GDP accounting is not the same
thing as the monthly data that we just
saw.
Now we're talking about 40% of GDP.
>> You said
4% drop in fixed-asset investments,
right? It seems to be continuing to
see downside when it comes to
you know whether it's the property
sector that's dragging these numbers.
You know, we we had a real story you
know earlier a few months ago about how
even fiscally the government is spending
less. What do you think is attributing
to this this slowdown in investment now
in the economy?
>> I think it's policy driven. Policy was
pretty proactive in the beginning of the
year.
So be it government led investments or
private investments the momentum was
was reasonably strong
partially because this is the start of
the new five-year plan period and
there's a tendency to
be relatively
proactive at the beginning of the
the year.
And I think after they got a strong one
queue
there was a adjustment to that policy to
a less proactive one and probably they
overshot in terms of the
policy adjustment
magnitude. I think the there was
likely intention to slow down things
somewhat
and there was probably overshoot. But
the early point I was trying to make is
the monthly fixed asset investment data
is not the same thing as
gross fixed capital formation and GDP
accounting.
Investment is more than 40% of China's
GDP. If it is falling at 4%, so
there's no way there's no way that it
can get anywhere near five.
So, I think investment is clearly weak,
just not quite as weak as the monthly
FAI data would indicate.
>> Right. Well, the other component there
that we haven't talked about which could
offset and has remained a good offset is
exports.
What is your outlook for exports as a
counterweight to some of the weakness in
the economy? And can exports hold up
amidst what's really becoming look at
exchange rate 40-month high on dollar
40-month loan dollar China, a very
strong currency?
>> Yeah, exports growth has surprised the
markets
and me so consistently over the past
several years.
So, sometimes I want to give up on
forecasting it because the track record
has been so bad. [laughter]
And I think policy makers now
more or less have done the same thing. A
lot of
them probably have given up
forecasting
what is what is going to happen to it.
And so there's a tendency to react to
export slowdown. So, I think the current
assumption is we don't know when export
will slow down and we do something once
it does slow.
So, the key is to monitor what happens
on the real-time basis.
The thing about 2Q data is even given
the very strong growth in export growth,
which again surprised the market on the
upside in 2Q,
the overall level of growth is still too
weak.
So, this is clearly the headline growth
given very strong export growth is
clearly not within the comfort zone of
policymakers and so I would expect them
to take some actions
pretty soon otherwise there'll be
pressures
in terms of reaching the annual growth
target.
>> So you there's a lot of questions and
among your peers about whether we are
seeing reflation in this economy.
Obviously we've seen inflation come back
here. I think the Iran war certainly has
helped in flattering some of the you
know numbers and and adding to the price
pressures there.
But now that seemingly it looks like
we're getting close to the end of this
war. I mean do you think that China
could go back into this disinflation or
deflation here or do you think that you
know this reflation trend can continue?
>> Yeah, one thing is the reflation
actually started before the Iran
Iran
problem arose
and so for two
of last year for example GDP deflator on
a sequential basis was already around
zero.
So timing wise it happened before this
Iran thing.
And second if you look at the breakdowns
it's not all driven by
the reflation has not been all driven by
oil and gas
price increase. Other components in
terms of PPI made a contribution as well
and one area which deserves particular
attention is
AI or tech related
price product prices arose as well. So I
think it's both
so this is this demand element and also
supply element.
So if we get
a smooth
oil price trajectory going forward
or maybe some correction as assumed by
the markets
Uh, I think what we should expect is uh
PPI is likely to peak um
in the second half of the year and it's
going to start to fall. Um CPI probably
will rise somewhat uh and then you get
in this uh combination of uh
uh
falling PPI toward the end of the year
and the CPI uh probably will follow a
rough trajectory but at a much lower
level. So I I don't think China is going
back to outright deflation uh but the
recent uh
um reflation uh has a temporary element
to it so which is going to disappear um
in the coming months.
>> Mhm.
>> But interesting. So the you mentioned AI
prices are moving up. It Is that What So
what parts of the inflation basket do
you see more pressure, more upward
pressure? In other words, what I'm
trying to ask is where do we get
uh
better margins in as far as corporate
China is concerned and sorry to pivot
There's another question I want to ask
is you mentioned policy makers will need
to take action before it's too late. Can
you talk to us a little bit more about
what policy action, where it it's it
it's needed at the moment?
>> Uh
on the second question I I don't think
they can choose to be um
uh picky. Um
they uh need to do everything. We need
the monetary, fiscal, administrative uh
uh further supports on the property
sector uh which have already shown some
signs of uh uh recovery or at least
stabilization um
at least in some regions uh but uh it's
a very fragile recovery so far in that
sector and um if uh we don't get uh
continued policy supports um
chances are it's going to fade. Uh So
our assumption is so we will uh continue
to see uh fur- further policy supports
for the property sector uh but um
uh
it there needs to be a package. That's
um
not quite as um So the baseline we have
is not quite as
aggressive as the one we saw back in
September of 2024. But in terms of the
the nature of
policy adjustments,
it should be something similar. It
cannot be just one off this.
On inflation, one thing I want to say is
the current level of PPI is pretty high.
It's getting close to four.
Probably will breach four in
in in the next two or three months.
But I don't think this is a constraint
on policy makers.
They can loosen and they should loosen.
I think they will.
The more important
inflation gauge for policy makers is CPI
and it's running at 1.2 which is not
definitely not high.
If anything, it's actually a pretty
good deluxe level. And so I I don't
think inflation should
stop policy makers from loosening
policy. Now, one thing people are
concerned about is this
gap between high CPI and low PPI.
Sorry, high PPI and low CPI.
And that gap is often viewed as an
indicator of margin squeeze. But if you
look at the
correlation between profit profitability
data and
this gap between CPI and PPI, the two
actually tends to be positively
correlated historically.
>> Yeah.
Yu Song, thank you so much
for the insights. Let's talk again soon.
Please, chief China economist there out
of out of our Beijing studios there out
of U S Securities. For our Bloomberg
subscribers, you can turn to your
terminal for more on this ongoing story.
T L I V go more context analysis. And as
you can see, of course, I believe that
is the exchange rate that's moving up
there. So some weakness coming through
in the Chinese currency.
So lots more ahead, of course, including
another big macro event.
>> Yeah, still ahead the Bank of Japan
looks set to hike rates today to the
highest level in 30 years. We have ING's
senior [music] economist Min Ju Kang
joining us later on this hour with her
outlook and what to expect of that press
conference here later today. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, we are checking Japan. Could
be the next thing to watch here in the
next couple moments as well. Of course,
the BOJ are set to hike rates. You look
at how the the votes and really what the
economists are saying, looks more than
likely they're going to hike 62 versus
one. One lone wolf who thinks that they
might hold here today. So, largely
expected they're going to raise rates to
that 1% threshold here, which is the
highest we've seen since 1995, do you?
>> Yeah, it's like an anagram color of the
Japanese flag in reverse.
Isn't it?
>> Our producers did it intentionally. We
thought we wondered if you would notice.
>> Oh, okay. And
62-1 is also, I believe, if you think
the person that is calling for a hold
has no chance, you clearly missed the
match between Spain and Cape
uh
>> Cape Verde?
>> Verde overnight, right?
>> And that massive upset match. That
goalie, man, became an instant rockstar
overnight.
>> What a hero. What a hero. I don't want
to talk about the BOJ. Can we just talk
about the World Cup? No, anyway.
Actually, the Japan did quite well. Uh
2-2 against the Netherlands. Anyway, I
believe we're quite tight on time. Let's
>> [laughter]
>> Let's bring in our team to talk not
about the World Cup, although they can
chime in on the World Cup. Sherry Ann
Asia Trade Colleague Chris outside the
BOJ in Tokyo and Singapore for us to
talk us through, of course, the uh rates
and FX angle. Ruth Carson here. Sherry,
let's start with you. Uh so, they're
about to hike.
>> Yeah, I mean, you guys said it. It will
be really a nail-biting moment for that
analyst that thought uh
that the BOJ may not move today. I mean,
the expectation right now in the
consensus is that we are going to see
that 25 basis point hike to 1% taking
the cash rate to a high that we haven't
seen since 1995. Also, the first move
since December. And what will be really
interesting is that this is a very
unusual meeting, right? Since the 1980s
and the establishment of a BOJ related
law, we haven't seen a governor sit out
a policy meeting because of health
concerns. Governor Ueda hospitalized
because of an infection from a liver
cyst. We do have his deputy governor
Himino now chairing the meeting and his
other deputy Uchida now who's going to
carry out the press conference. And this
is very very high stakes, isn't it? What
message will he send? It was already
high stakes if it was Governor Ueda who
earlier this month actually signaled
that inflation risks might be higher
than growth risks. So, we'll be watching
that very closely at a time when Ruth
can tell you more about it, but the
Japanese yen is just stuck at that 160
level.
>> Yeah, Ruth, I was going to bring you in.
Is anything going to happen today that
could actually lift the yen?
Yeah, it's it's absolutely the currency
to watch, you know, in the past 24 hours
and definitely going into the meeting.
You know, it's very interesting talking
to traders, investors, strategists out
there to see that even though a hike is
a virtual certainty cemented by markets,
dollar-yen is at 160. And if you talk to
a lot of people out there, it's
incredibly hard to find any yen bull.
That just sort of underscores how
unusual the situation is. But, what's
the judgment here that's being meted out
to the Japanese currency? BOJ behind the
curve. You don't just hike today,
markets are demanding more. Bond yields
still high. Is it actually attracting
investors? Is it high enough? All of
this, and of course, we also have the
Iran war developments. Peace deal, will
it be signed? Will oil prices continue
to fall? And, you know, um and what does
that mean for inflation in Japan? All of
this is driving dolly and trading, and
that is why we're still seeing at 160
level for the pair.
>> Uh Sherry, can I ask you about the fixed
income part? And, you know, these
purchases of JGBs, how significant will
any announcement be today?
>> Uh to Ruth's point, we have seen JGB
yields pretty high, right? I believe the
10-year yield just last month touched on
1995 1996 high. Now, this instability in
the JGB space last year also led to the
Bank of Japan cutting by half the
reduction of JGB purchases. We have seen
reports widespread uh this week that the
BOJ might hold and might stop the
reduction of JGB purchases given this
instability in the JGB space. Of course,
the optics will be uh very important
because
does it look like the BOJ is sort of
bowing to the fiscal concerns of the
government? Bloomberg Economics doesn't
necessarily think so because we have
seen the market instability in the JGB
space. So, if you're hiking rates,
perhaps uh stopping the reduction of JGB
purchases might be a good signal for the
markets. For the time being, we know
that at this pace at the current pace,
the BOJ is reducing the JGB purchases by
200 billion yen per quarter.
>> Ruth, everyone's watching this press
briefing with the Deputy Governor Uchida
today. What will you be looking out for?
What questions would you ask him?
>> Oh, look, if I could have, you know, 5
minutes with him, I would definitely be
asking about his views on inflation.
But, look, in terms of traders,
investors out there, all of them, it
would be fair to say, would be looking
and listening in for how hawkish the BOJ
will be. As I said earlier, and as
Sherry said of alluded to as well,
dollar yen at 160. It is unusual when
you consider that, you know, the rate
hike expectations are still there for
the BOJ. So, the question is how hawkish
the BOJ deputy governor will sound and
what that means for dollar yen. And
remember, it's not just the dollar yen
story. It's Aussie yen. It's euro yen
out there as well. So, yen in the
selling crosshairs. The question is when
do you buy? And if we get a hawkish
enough sounding
commentary from the press conference,
yes, some investors might be dip buying.
>> All right. Kim, fantastic. Thank you so
much. Ruth Carson in Singapore and
Sherry on, of course,
live outside the Bank of Japan where
that decision is kind of imminent at
this point in time. All right, I'll just
very quickly I'll just recap the data
that we got out of mainland China. A
miss on most, although it wasn't all
bad news when you look at things like
industrial production, for example, and
some of the other beats are 4 and 1/2%
year-on-year, but retail sales number
also catching quite an eye-catcher here.
>> Yeah, I think it's the worst print we've
seen basically since the pandemic. So,
that -0.6 print, also that -4.1%
print on fixed asset investments was a
bit of a disappointment there as well.
We have plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, welcome back. Ongoing
briefing right now in Beijing. The
economic performance has been impacted.
There we go, a verb,
because of the war and also the weather.
In case you missed that, some of the
economic indicators that have come up
really on the softer side of things and
market is reacting also to those soft
numbers.
>> Yeah, you take a look at how Hong Kong
is doing versus the rest of the indices
in China and you are continuing to see
this divergence between what HS Tech is
doing and Shenzhen. Shenzhen continues
to outperform here right now. In fact,
the China X is up more than 1.3%. So,
that that sort of gap continues to
widen. HS Tech is lower by about 1.6%
here this morning. We're flat when it
comes to Shanghai.
When you take a look at when it comes to
individual movers, we're watching some
of these defense stocks in Korea here.
So, there has been some movement. There
you go, a lot of it here. They jump when
it came to this Ry Mattel LIG defense JV
plans here. I hope I pronounced [music]
that right, but there you go. You're
seeing a lot of these defense stocks
moving here and Japan's Terra Drone.
That's one to watch here this morning as
well. Got plenty more to go. This is
Bloomberg. [music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Yeah, we are
counting down to that lunch break and
then also that BOJ decision that could
be happening here. I put your bets in.
What time are they going to do it? You
know, history suggests if they're going
to do something,
they're going to do it
>> later.
>> They'll push it back. They need to,
I think, my my intel tells me
>> [laughter]
>> What does your intel tell you?
>> not that I have inside information on
what the Bank of Japan can do. But, I
think the reason why it takes longer for
the decision to come out when there's a
change is because there needs to be some
translation that needs to take place on
the statement.
>> Yes.
>> Right? And for anyone that follows the
BOJ, I believe until now, it's still
they still scan the policy statement.
>> Yeah.
>> And then they attach the image
on the website. So, it's an added step
for journalists, but you know, we're
used to this anyway. But, just bit of
insight.
>> Yeah.
>> Best of all, as they say in
>> [laughter]
>> So, you're saying when it comes to risk
assets overall, I mean, Japan assets are
pretty much just kind of holding their
breath right now. They're not really
seeing that much conviction out there
ahead of this big decision, right? First
rate hike or at least rate hike to 1%
the first time since 1995, right? And
so, certainly it's going to be something
that'd be interesting given the fact
that Ueda-san is not going to be there
to to announce that and really be there
for that press briefing later on this
afternoon. So, it's up to the deputy to
really deliver that message here. Uh
interestingly, when it comes to oil
markets, we got a call from Morgan
Stanley.
>> Yes. Um they're cutting their Q4
forecast to 80 bucks a barrel on the
back of this Hormuz deal that was
announced. Um we believe it was signed
digitally. Uh but we of course will get
the formal
um
uh do we call Sir, is it a ceremony? But
anyway, formal signing of course.
>> day. Yes. Um it's interesting how quick,
I guess, the markets already kind of
moving their forecast even though
nothing has been agreed upon or signed
yet. But, Morgan Stanley says the Iran
deal to spur higher oil exports through
Hormuz. Um that's the rationale around
that call. But yes, we're we're around
that 80 buck level when it comes to WTI
here this morning. Um but yeah, it's
it's been relatively, I guess you could
say, subdued right now in the move
across
>> Tentative is another word for that.
>> Oh, yeah. Another one.
>> Yeah. Uh despite of course a very strong
session overnight, and I think we're
sandwiched between important central
bank decisions. BOJ of course, and we
have the Fed coming through.
>> RBA.
>> RBA is in about 2 hours from now. Uh to
discuss uh this dynamic, let's bring in
Anthony Stevens of course, our markets
reporter here to help us understand why
things remain subdued here.
>> Yeah, it's a bit of a change from what
we had overnight, right? We had
double-digit moves in tech. Here you're
struggling in Asia to to get around 1 or
2% moves. And one of the reasons for
that is probably because of so much risk
management needs to be done in Asia
ahead of the central bank decisions,
right? You have the RBA, you have the
BOJ, then you have the Fed. And it's
actually the the kind of direction of
travel in the guidance from all the
central banks that is important rather
than what they actually do, which is
relatively well telegraphed across the
board. RBA to hold, BOJ to hike, Fed to
hold. But it's what they think is the
impact of the energy crisis in terms of
go forward inflation expectations that
the market is hanging on here. And that
remains very important given that US gas
prices, for example, are 30% higher than
where they were before the war. So, the
transmission mechanism of oil at 80 is
in play here. And that is making people
a lot more cautious. Now, that being
said, within the tech complex, you have
a return to dispersion here. So, people
are playing their favorite themes very
aggressively, but it's kind of canceling
each other out at the index level. So,
for example, in Korea, you have defense
names that are 20% plus. In Taiwan, you
have the optical imaging names. Largan,
for example, which is late to the
imaging game, it's up almost limit up.
So, now we're returning back to some of
the stuff we discussed earlier in the
earlier weeks, you know, very single
name kind of stories.
>> Okay. If we're getting close to the end
of this war, I mean, are there are there
new focuses for the market now that
you're looking out for?
>> Yeah, so the the market now will be
playing macroeconomic dispersion in a
very big way, right? The US exceptional
growth is becoming a big market risk in
and of itself to the upside and the
downside. You see American data being
consistently good and data from the rest
of the world being muted to negative at
best. So, the China data dump we just
saw is a great example of that, right?
And that's going to continue to drive
macro dispersion. The China's economy is
very dispersed. The consumer and the
property sector continue to struggle
while exports are very strong. So, you
see dispersion pick up there as well at
just tech versus Chin X. So, dispersion
within themes within countries and
between countries is going to be a much
bigger theme in the back end of the year
rather than everything trading together
on these Iran headlines.
>> Anthony, thank you. And these Steven are
our markets reporter on what to watch
out for in these markets. And of course,
as we stand by for the next event risk,
which is the Bank of Japan's rate
decision, let's bring in Min Joo Kang,
senior South Korea and Japan economist
at ING. Min Joo, it's great to have you.
I know you're expecting a hike here
today, but beyond just that headline,
what are you going to be focused on the
most today?
>> Yes, our market widely expected 25 basis
points rate hike, but there are still be
a several other things that markets
should follow closely. The first should
be the, you know, whether this decision
would be the unanimous or close out
minor descent. The newly appointed board
member Asada
will reveal his preference
for the first time. So, this is going to
be the first you know, thing to you
should watch. And secondly is that, you
know, the uh deputy governor Uchida's
press conference remarks on behalf of
the governor Ueda. How he would you
know, would lay out the the future
path policy path
path. And also separately the BOJ will
also announce the this you know, their
plan on the JGB purchase program. They
have been reviewing this program and
then they have been going to decide
whether they're going to keep this
tapering pace or you know, reduce or
even pause this tapering.
For for our view as it's a close call,
but you know, maybe the BOJ is ready to
pause the tapering because when they
decided to do this tapering, their they
their rationale was that you know, the
very long YCC and also this all
all quantitative easing is kind of this
tool uh
uh
hurt the other market of function of the
other market. But, for over the last
couple years, we seen that this market
market functioning improved. So, maybe,
you know, they are they are they
decided, you know, the time for them to
slow down or even pause the tapering.
>> Okay. Now, in terms of So, we are
expecting them to hike, and we will
certainly appreciate more details on
what they plan with the plan with the
JGB
uh purchases. What's the tone you think
we should expect from the press
briefing? Will they signal Will it be a
hawkish one? What are you expecting?
>> Well, actually, uh
uh given the uh their their very gradual
uh move in policy rate, I think it was
that one of the reason was because of
this very uh high uncertainty
surrounding the the Middle East. And um
if uh if, you know, this MOU is signed,
and um and this uh you know,
uh the geopolitical tensions uh ease,
probably it'll give more uh complaints
for the other BOJ, and they will focus
more on their uh you know, the internal
uh
uh domestic economy conditions.
Uh for also, you know, what we believe
that, you know, uh the recently the the
Japanese economy shows a quite a
resilient growth. And also, you know,
the inflation number was quite low, but
was because of this, you know, you know,
very big uh help from the government.
But, you know, we believe that the BOJ
will look through this uh current
softness, and they're going to focus
more on, you know, underlying inflation
trend. And now, that's why they I we
believe that they introduced this uh you
know, new uh inflation measures like a
core CPI uh core inflation excluding
institutional factors. If they uh
exclude these institutional factors, we
believe that the underlying trend
inflation trend still there, and also
firming up and broadening. Uh we You see
it from the other pipeline prices,
numbers, and also, you know, also, uh
you know, plus 5% wage growth they have
which is the this year's assumption.
This will continue to give more upside
risk for the inflation. And also, you
know, the weak Japanese yen is another
key factor for them to move on more
focus on underlying inflation. So,
summing up this, we believe that, you
know,
the BOJ will likely to be more hawkish.
>> Yeah, I was going to get your take on on
dollar yen because
it it it seems well telegraphed that
they're going to hike, and yet I still
see dollar yen at 160.
Is there anything that they can say
today to to change the direction of the
yen?
Or are we still in intervention risk,
too?
>> Uh I think, you know, over 160 level,
there is always been, you know,
intervention risk, we believe. However,
this time, we have seen that, you know,
after this really a sizable intervention
in, you know, May and April time, and
then actually, you know, the the it
would it didn't last long. So, probably
the more fundamental change of their
policy direction is the key to to change
the direction of the Japanese yen, we
believe. So, that's why in that term
regards the term, probably the BOJ would
like to give more hawkish comments and
give us more hawkish signal to the
market. So, actually, you know, the
level of Japa- Japane- Japanese yen is
not the target of the BOJ. However, they
are concerning about this
upside inflationary pressure. So, we
believe that, you know, they're also,
you know, their hawkish message will
kind of have some impact on the Japanese
yen market. However, if still stays in
above 160,
probably, you know, yes, I we believe
that the the further intervention is
likely.
>> At what level?
And the reason I ask this question is
they've been saying for a long time they
need to normalize policy, almost
agnostic of what goes on.
At what point does that then become
tightening? In other words, at what
level of the policy rate should we
consider that being restrictive?
>> So, actually you know, looking at the
their CPI number and
we calculate the real interest rate,
it's the their you know, the Bank of
Japan policy rate is still in deep
negative. So, we believe that they
should raise their policy rate to the at
least to their a neutral level which is
a very big white range, but you know,
1.5% to 2% 2.5% twice. So, we believe
that at least that the BOJ is reaching
to this lower end of this you know, the
neutral policy rate. Then probably you
know, they're going to see much more
meaningful impact on the the currency as
well. And also the Fed's you know, rate
hike you know, expectation have changed
recently quite a lot and this is also
going to have some impact on the JPY as
well.
>> The governor did mention also about the
instability that we're seeing in the JGB
market could help make the case for a
hike. Do you think once they do so, the
JGB market could could stabilize a bit
or do you still see kind of longer term
upward pressure for yields in the JGB
market?
>> Um, we believe that you know,
you know, by raising their policy rate,
we believe that they can curb down the
or prevent the inflation expectation
inflation expectations are you know,
raising further additionally. So,
actually the actual policy rate hikes is
going to help the stabilize the JGB
market we believe. And also like I said
earlier that we believe that you know,
they're going to
kind of moderate the the pace of
tapering. It also likely to give a
signal that you know, or you know,
they'd like to have see they'd like to
see this more stabilization of JGB yield
move because for the last couple of a
month, the JGB yields was showing the
very unique move other when other, you
know, developed market bonds the rates
came yields came down. Actually, the JGB
yields
actually showed the
the very rapid hike. So, we believe
that, you know, this kind of all
together like not only just policy rate
hikes and also this slowing down
moderation of the tapering is going to
help the stabilize the JGB market move.
>> That's very hard to understand the
moderation of the tapering, but that's
such as the world we live in. Minju,
thank you so much for the clarity. Minju
Kang there, senior South Korean Japan
economist at at ING Bank. Let's take you
back to China, this ongoing briefing out
of Beijing giving us more context really
on
on the numbers that they just released
41 minutes ago. So, just one note on the
retail sales numbers, so it actually
came in softer, much softer than
expected, in fact, contraction of 0.6%
and
the context here is the drop in May was
because of the high base effects that we
had last year.
>> Yeah, so that didn't help for the
numbers there. In terms of what they're
also saying, they say consumption will
capability needs to be strengthened. So,
the consumption will
it's interesting, right? Because
obviously what we've been seeing and and
why you know, the consumption picture
has weakened is because of some of these
kind of trade-in programs, all the
subsidies have started to fade, right?
And that's really kind of showing up in
these numbers here. So, they're
with the domestic side of things here
that needs to be strengthened. As we
talked to Yushang from UBS Securities,
right? When it came to the policy sort
of reaction, he says they do need to
take action soon, right? And what could
policymakers do? And he says they have
to go about it everything, right? And it
can't just be a kind of one-off thing.
He says it has to be in the form of a
package, especially when it comes to the
property sector.
>> Yeah, that was quite telling coming
through there out of the UBS Securities
economists earlier on. Interesting
choice of words, will and capability. I
mean, the definition of demand in
economics is consumers that are willing
and able
>> Yes.
>> uh to be able to pursue that. And
certainly demand is very is is is is
wanting there. Okay. Uh let us I think
we can leave that there uh for now. And
in case you uh want to know more, of
course, on the data that just that just
come through in the last hour or so. Of
course, TLIV go on your Bloomberg
terminal. Uh we'll take you straight
back Well, we'll we'll pivot away. Also
uh in Beijing is as you can see these
are live shots there.
Um and you of course you have the
Chinese President Xi Jinping is meeting
with the visiting uh Myanmar President
Ming Aung Hlaing. I believe, of course,
that is taking place also in Beijing as
we just mentioned.
>> Yeah, so uh this is of course the
Southeast Asian nation is is seeking for
some of stronger trade ties with the
likes of China. So uh we'll see. This is
marking the Myanmar leader's second
state visit since taking over as
civilian president [music] president
just a few months ago.
We have plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Well, the interim peace deal between the
US and Iran is at [music] the center of
discussions at the G7 summit in France.
World leaders welcomed the agreement,
but doubts remain on when it will go
into effect or how exactly it will lead
to the reopening of the Strait of
Hormuz. Bloomberg's title Kinder Kendall
reports.
>> The conflict in Iran is dominating the
conversation at the G7 as we await
further details on a potential signing
ceremony as soon as this Friday here in
Switzerland. And what exactly is in this
memorandum of understanding? Of course,
the largest component at the moment is
that both sides say that we can expect a
reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, but
our own reporting here at Bloomberg News
indicates that some G7 allies are weary
about the timeline, even as President
Trump doubles down that it will be fully
reopened by the end of this week.
>> The strait is already partially opened,
as you know, they're doing a little
hunting for a couple of mines that
they've already found.
Uh but it's essentially ships are
starting to go out.
Now on Friday it'll be completely
opened.
>> There are also questions about
longer-term security in the strait after
Iranian state media reported earlier
today that the country intends to keep
its grip over the waterway after the
60-day extension of the ceasefire
through charging fees related to a
navigation, insurance, and environmental
services. A senior US official who
briefed us reporters ahead of this trip
did acknowledge that the US understands
that it will take time to reopen the
strait for a few different reasons,
including that there are still mines
that are placed in the waterway. And
also that commercial shippers appear to
still be wary amid reporting from
Bloomberg News that many of these
shippers are seeking more tangible
details on how the safety of the
waterway will be secured. President
Trump on Tuesday is expected to meet
with some regional leaders on the
sidelines of the G7, including those
from Qatar and the UAE. In Geneva, Tyler
Kendall, Bloomberg News.
>> All right, here's some of the corporate
stories we're also tracking for you
today. The creator of Chinese social
media platform Red Note is said to be
[music] preparing for an IPO in Hong
Kong by the end of June. Sources tell us
Xiao Hongshu is working with advisors on
a potential listing [music] that could
rank among Hong Kong's largest in recent
years. The app, described as China's
Instagram, has grown into a lifestyle
and social commerce powerhouse. [music]
Shanghai Infront Technology has received
approval for an IPO to raise $888
million on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
Star Board. The Tencent backed [music]
company plans to use the proceeds to
develop AI cloud chips and related
software. In flame is the last to go to
the market of the China so-called
[music] four little dragons, a group of
leading AI chipmakers.
Fox shares tumbled after announced a
deal to buy streaming platform Roku for
about [music] $22 billion. Now the deal
combines Fox's content with Roku's
[music] platform of more than 100
million users creating a third largest
player in the US television market by
viewing share.
>> [music]
>> Fox is targeting growing demand for
cheaper streaming and competing with
Amazon and Netflix for ads. We got
plenty more to come. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> I don't think they can choose to be
picky.
They need to do everything. We need the
monetary fiscal administrative
further supports on the property [music]
sector which have already shown some
signs of
recovery or at least stabilization
>> [music]
>> at least in some regions.
But it's a very fragile recovery so far
in that sector.
>> Okay, that was the chief China economist
at UBS Securities who joined us earlier
on one's right after these numbers broke
and just really giving more context and
I think his point was well, for one it
GDP growth will will be okay, he says,
but there's a broad weakness in the
economy and as far as consumption goes
and he thinks the policy prescription is
the policy makers really need to take a
look at more fronts in terms of support
moving forward.
>> Yeah, I'm reading the T-live blog now
and the team is getting more reaction
from economists there and and they're
saying that you know they're this soft
data print is really kind of ramping up
the pressure on Beijing to deploy policy
support. So the likes of of ING, Lynn
Song is saying that you know the PBOC
has basically been sidelined this year
as we start to see this whole reflation
that was supported by the Iran war but
now they're saying there's still a
chance for a rate cut in the second
half. Fiscal policy-wise they say we are
not expecting any major new stimulus
packages at this point. So might just be
rate cuts according to ING at the
moment. Beyond just the BOJ story,
beyond what we're seeing in the macro
story in China of course, we do also
have the RBA, right? Which is
interesting cuz they kind of launched
this tightening cycle earlier this year.
Right after back-to-back hikes, it looks
like they're set to pause this time.
>> It was a very quick change in the credit
cycle there, right? Because they
immediately resumed to your point this
rate hiking cycle and in fact in fact
currently
I think they're back to levels at the
peak of the last one on the cash rate.
Uh so we are expecting a pause. All but
one are expecting them and of course
this reference of course to the the
is this the uniform of the Socceroos?
[laughter]
Probably is, right? Okay.
>> You got it too. Don't let him get away
with it.
>> baseball, my team has been trolling me
all all
>> [laughter]
>> all morning.
Uh I'm not color blind.
>> He knows his flags and team colors.
>> Yeah, that's
>> [laughter]
>> it's one of the first things they teach
you when you're barely conscious,
when you're two or three, the colors of
the spectrum.
>> [laughter]
>> So so far that's been that's that's been
that's that's held in in in in in here.
The only thing.
>> I mean James Mackintosh kind of played
it out and and laid it out last time,
right? He he was already saying the last
meeting that they probably should stop
with the hiking soon.
Um and saying that you know if there's
further tightening it could prove to be
a policy mistake here given just the
growth shock that they're seeing,
business impact, consumer confidence.
And so maybe this is the the pause that
that's finally here. So, that's one
thing to watch for the RBA. Still BOJ,
right? We could be moments away from
that possible rate hike, the highest
that we've seen or to the highest level
we've seen since [clears throat] 1995.
In terms of movers, we're watching of
course what what is driving the HS tech
lower here this morning. We were talking
about 1% or more losses there when it
comes to that gauge. And yeah, what's
driving that has been Kuaishou,
Bilibili. On the flip side, there you
go. Trip who continues to edge higher
here by 9% here. So, already adding to
the double-digit gains that we saw on
the back of that JP Morgan upgrade and
then also announcement of it that new
language model as well.
>> Anthony pointed this out. Investors are
turning back to their favorites and
what's worked and Lenovo is obviously
one of those ones as well. Very quickly,
property stocks on the back of the home
price numbers also out in the last hour
and 30 minutes back. Shipping stocks are
also in focus. Now, we have a better
understanding of what
the agreement will likely be on Friday.
It will include according to some of our
reporting some of the commentators
currently will include toll-free [music]
passage across the Strait of Hormuz.
That's it from us here on the China
show. We will see you all tomorrow. This
is Bloomberg.